Triangulation_2: Add CGAL::mark_domain_in_triangulation (#6412)
CGAL/cgal: Installation/CHANGES.md

Release History
===============

### [2D Triangulations](https://doc.cgal.org/5.6/Manual/packages.html#PkgTriangulation2)

> -   Add function `mark_domina_in_triangulation()` to mark faces connected with non constrained edges as inside of the domain based on the nesting level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added function `mark_domains_in_triangulation()` to mark faces connected with non constrained edges as inside of the domain based on the nesting level.
```

### [2D Conforming Triangulations and Meshes](https://doc.cgal.org/5.6/Manual/packages.html#PkgMesh22)

> -   Deprecate two overloads of Function `refine_Delaunay_mesh()` and replace them with versions with named parameteters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Deprecated two overloads of Function `refine_Delaunay_mesh()` and replaced them with versions using function named parameters.
```

Release date: June 2022

### [2D Triangulations](https://doc.cgal.org/5.5/Manual/packages.html#PkgTriangulation2)

> -   Added the function `mark_domians_in_triangulation()`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Added the function `mark_domain_in_triangulation()`
```
